And then people with cream with you
one more video here we are personal in gt
so with online for more news
there I have seen few youtuber is
exploring this I got to record a
video showing the bike becoming like me
I always do it when new things come out.
but this bike here galera vindicator that
a lot of people criticized the bike and such
really an expensive bike and a motorcycle
kind of useless there for those who enjoy playing
know that this is not going to happen
rolling will not make for more races
the rockstar she brought a motorcycle with
equipment is special as is the
leptospirosis is that her name is
leptospirosis was this bike that like you
flies under the map of the
map cursor you notice that you life
Zinho the orange line in yellow orange
Our house changing everything that is
simply the exact tube folks hands
Amano exactly mano this bike she has
turbo guy a motorcycle that has turbo the motorcycle
that has some to the cars is sending
Fucking mess here in old mine
God
Let's show you guys here.
Her power comes from what to be.
it's worth even buying it has to be
in the style of the stronger type than the
eletrosul life.ru there with more
turnbull ó ó care not to beat that goes
be 60 years old
so people you have not bought yet
moto is doubt to buy know
that it has all that is the same as the bike that
has turbo as well as alex
here remembering that in races not
It works and I already played racing with
alexsandro do not work
tube I never did a father for calé 4 more
things so normal our old
her tube does not work so this here
It will not give you an advantage in races but
There the new bike and the bike looks like that
looks like two power rangers hand sees
All fags only from pt until it looks beautiful
up was not so with the nitro in October
if you prefer to put the camera that is
Raining, drop another one more.
one more is to get here or else to get
So pick up so be careful not to
Taking a capote keeps you looking half
Forward, the middle of the car, no crowd.
new bike there's with turbo it seems that
just the maicon code and showed it here is
the youtube bit like I said at the beginning
few in a rise and rise does not give that
it's not a bike for the race is not a
bike for you to buy one of those
such rolezinho
She will pass now she passed I pulled
more here on the bike for the race is a
bike to ride is even try to do
cares when and if it lasts reality
unless it's a girl thing
beautiful
guys, I take the life of those who have turbo
that's it
I indicated that the tube if you liked already know
clicking liked this favorite wrote
on the channel for more videos thanks praxe
see you